♪ Well, I had a friend who was
always blue ♪
♪ So I cooked him up
a lil' barbeque. ♪
♪ Then the boy turned round,
said he wanna go home, ♪
♪ But my ol' momma said
I can't let him go. ♪
♪ Get him through the door, ♪
♪ Pin him on the floor, ♪
♪ Bought me in a stray, ♪
♪ He'll never get away. ♪
♪ Gonna feed me up a
lil' poor, lost soul, ♪
♪ Then I'll lock away the boy
before the pigs come call. ♪
Cảnh sát đây!
Có ai ở nhà không?
Này, anh đây.
Anh biết em muốn có
khoảng không riêng,
nhưng em không nghĩ
việc này đi quá xa rồi sao?
Bà Freeman?
Cảnh sát đây.
Bọn tôi chỉ đến để
xem bà ổn không thôi, thưa bà.
Anh rất xin lỗi cách anh
để lại những điều đó tối hôm trước.
Anh không có ý để những lời đó
phát ra như thế, nhưng chúng...
Cứ thế tuôn ra.
Trung sĩ.
CAD 9619, mùi hôi bốc ra
từ bên trong căn nhà.
Chúng tôi sẽ để cánh cửa
này ở phần 17,
cô làm ơn cập nhật
lại phần mềm CAD nhé?
Đã nhận. Triển khai đi.
Ta có thể cùng nhau vượt qua,
trước đây mình đã từng, và mình có thể làm lần nữa.
Làm ơn, anh xin em, Liv.
Cứ cho anh vào đi.
Ôi Chúa ơi.
Tháng trước, anh ước mình
cứ trao em cái ôm chặt nhất
và nói với em rằng
mọi thứ sẽ ổn thôi.
Điều anh sẽ làm để chỉ...
được ôm em lần nữa.
Anh không muốn phải ly biệt nữa.
Và anh biết em sẽ
không nghe máy anh đâu, nhưng...
Tối mai anh sẽ ghé qua, và rồi...
Những gì anh muốn chỉ là
em và anh nói chuyện trực tiếp.
Làm ơn, Liv, anh xin em.
Không thứ gì ý nghĩa nữa.
Chỉ toàn sự ngu ngốc.
Còn em là tình yêu của đời anh.
Mai anh sẽ gặp em.
Hi vọng.
Anh yêu em.
Cảm ơn tất cả
vì đã đến đây hôm nay.
Tôi biết Liv sẽ...
bất ngờ khi thấy đông
người như này trong một căn phòng vì cô ấy.
Và tôi cho là mọi người đều...
đã hiểu, theo cách nào đó.
Các bạn càng hiểu Liv,
cô ấy càng đẩy bạn ra xa.
Em không đói sao?
Nãy em có ăn rồi.
Làm ơn, Liv, đừng như vậy nữa.
Em không đói.
Hay em cứ để anh về nhà đi.
Jed mình nói chuyện này rồi. Làm ơn.
Nhưng em đang rất ổn.
Nếu anh chỉ cần... - Thôi đi!
Em đã bảo mình
nói chuyện đó rồi, được chưa?
Anh đang cố giúp em đấy.
Cứ giúp anh đi đã.
Em không sao.
Em không ổn, Liv.
Em cần thêm thời gian.
Em xin lỗi.
Mỗi ngày chúng tôi bên nhau,
tôi sẽ thấy...
sự hạnh phúc,
sự tử tế.
Cái đẹp.
Nhưng khi cô ấy nhìn vào
gương, cô ấy sẽ thấy một thứ...
Một thứ khác lạ.
Cô ấy sẽ nói với tôi
"Sao anh có thể yêu một thứ xấu xí đến thế?"
Và cô áy sẽ đánh giá tôi
vì yêu cô ấy.
Tôi đã rất cố gắng
để thay đổi cô ấy.
Tôi đã rất rất cố gắng!
Này anh bạn.
Tôi mời anh một ly nhé?
Anh là ai?
Lionel Flack.
Doanh nhân và
bạn tâm giao của nhiều người.
Người đàn ông có
nhiều tài năng.
Bạn bè gọi tôi là Lie.
Đây, ờ,
nơi tôi sống ấy,
cách vài dãy nhà là, ờ,
cửa hàng giảm giá này.
Bán đủ mọi thứ trên đời.
Nhưng ly duy nhất
họ bán là, ờ
ly sâm banh rẻ tiền
cũng khá tiện vì mẹ tôi,
Chúa ban phước linh hồn bà,
có mối quan hệ yêu/hận
với mọi thứ liên quan đến sâm-panh.
Rồi, đây là phần thú vị.
Cúp trung bình của anh -
- Cúp trung bình?
Highball, Demitasse,
ly Collins. Gì cũng được.
Tôi nhận ra không gì
khỏa lấp hay làm dịu cơn khát
một người theo cái cách
một ly cao sâm-panh làm được.
Bất kể đồ uống là gì.
Đặc biệt là nước trái cây,
đặc biệt khi ướp lạnh.
Mà nhận tiện,
bài điều văn đó,
đáng nhận Oscar,
thật sự, tôi ngưỡng mộ đấy.
Anh muốn gì, Lionel?
Đầu tôi, để giải thích bản thân.
Anh thấy đây,
tôi là fan cuồng nhiệt của các bài cáo phó.
Tôi đọc chúng mỗi ngày.
Tôi bắt đầu đến những đám ma
và đó là nơi tôi thấy sự yên bình.
Lúc nào anh cũng nên thử đi.
Cảm ơn, nhưng tôi có
những dự định khác rồi.
Chẳng hạn như?
Ờ, cứ cho là đời
không chia cho tôi cây bài đẹp đi.
Anh biết đấy, tôi đã đánh
ván bài của mình, và giờ tôi nghỉ.
Cảm ơn vì đồ uống nhé.
Mọi gánh nặng anh đang mang,
nếu tôi nói tôi có thể
mang hết đi thì sao?
Tất cả luôn.
Vui được gặp anh, Lionel.
Chiều nay, lúc ăn trưa.
Em chưa từng hỏi
anh thế nào.
Nên là,
anh có khỏe không?
Anh ổn.
Em ổn không?
Không.
Làm ơn nói anh nghe đi mà.
Làm như anh hiểu vậy.
Em giận à?
Em biết chính xác anh đã
trải qua chuyện gì với bố anh,
nên đừng nói với anh
là anh không hiểu người như em.
Người như em sao?
Ừ. Bị tổn thương,
thầm gào thép kêu cứu,
biết rất rõ là những người
thực sự có thể giúp em
chẳng làm được cái quái gì cả.
Mà sao lại thế?
Vì em không để họ giúp!
Và cứ nhảy đi nhảy lại một điệu
đến khi cuối cùng
em ngã quỵ rồi chết thôi.
Anh mới ngã quỵ rồi chết.
Anh muốn em chết đi.
Nếu anh muốn.
Ôi Chúa ơi.
này...
Phải Lionel không?
Vâng.
Là, ờm...
Jed đây, ở quán rượu ấy.
Tôi giúp gì được anh, Jed?
Chúa ơi, tôi còn chẳng
biết sao tôi lại gọi.
Tôi...
ờm...
- Tôi nghĩ anh biết chính xác
vì sao anh gọi, Jed.
Anh giúp tôi chứ?
Anh biết tôi làm gì không, Jed?
Tự sát có hỗ trợ.
Jed.
Nghe tôi nói.
Anh là một người tốt.
Nhưng khi anh gặp lại cô ấy,
và anh sẽ gặp lại cô ấy,
anh phải rạng ngời
hạnh phúc, người anh em à.
Rồi, tôi hứa với anh
là cuối hành trinfhc ủa chúng ta,
anh sẽ nằm trên
một trạng thái hoàn toàn hạnh phúc,
với rất nhiều tình yêu không điều kiện,
cho bản thân điều anh sẽ cười
đến tận chỗ những
cánh cổng ngọc màu trắng.
Cứ nói tôi nghe làm như nào.
Ờ, cô ấy chết như nào?
Đó là một...
Chứng rối loạn tiêu hóa.
Phần lớn đời cô ấy
mắc chứng cuồng ăn.
Bao tử cô ấy bục ra
cô ấy bất tỉnh,
rồi tim cô ấy cứ thế...
ngừng đập.
Cô ấy nhịn ăn đến chết và...
cô ấy bị ăn
từ trong ra ngoài.
Thế còn từ ngoài vào trong?
Ý anh là sao?
Jed, anh có nghe về tộc
Yiurkun chưa?
Họ là một nhóm
những cá nhân được khai sáng
đắm mình trong trạng thái
hưng phấn vĩnh viễn.
Rồi, điều này có được
bằng cách hấp thụ con người đồng thuận.
Sự liên kết trực tiếp
với chính bản thân vũ trụ.
Khoan, khoan, khoan.
Thế anh đang nói gì?
- Thật tình cờ, Jed,
tôi có chung khẩu vị
với cả Vũ trụ
và anh bạn của tôi.
Thế...
anh muốn ăn tôi sao?
Đó chính xác là điều
tôi đang nói.
Đó là sự hi sinh, Jed.
Đó là lòng vị tha.
Đó, bạn tôi ơi, là cái kết
anh dũng nhất cho một chương
trước khi chương tiếp theo bắt đầu.
Thi ca đến tuyệt vời, phải không?
Cũng khá nhiều thứ
để tiếp thu.
Ờ, hay là tôi cứ để
anh suy nghĩ nhé, Jed?
Rồi khi nào anh
quyết định tiếp tục,
tôi sẽ ở sau quán Graham
lúc 6h tối mai.
Em không đói.
Thế à?
Tôi sẽ làm.
Tôi tham gia.
Ở đây không có vịt.
Xin lỗi, sao cơ?
Ờ, cái ao này không có vịt.
Ồ không, tôi biết.
Tôi đến đây câu cá thôi.
Tôi biết, nghe có vẻ điên nhỉ?
Tôi là Alex.
Úi! Xin lỗi.
Lionel.
Thế cô có nuôi con gì không?
Ờm, không.
Tôi thấy mất công quá.
Chúng đúng nghĩ là vật nuôi
đỡ tốn công nhất rồi đấy.
Cá nước ngọt là vật nuôi
chiếm tỉ lệ lớn nhất khắp nước Mỹ.
Và chúng được chứng minh là
giảm huyết áp và nhịp tim đấy.
Vì thế, giảm stress để
duy trì một cuộc sống tốt hơn.
Anh sống bằng nghề này à,
bán chúng ấy?
Không.
Tôi chỉ đang nói chúng
rất tốt để duy trì trạng thái cân bằng, thế thôi.
Thế, anh nghĩ tôi đang
mất cân bằng hả?
Co có nghĩ mình
mất thăng bằng không?
Anh biết không?
Tôi sẽ ra kèo với anh.
Tôi sẽ cho anh cơ hội
thuyết phục tôi mua một
trong những thứ trong bể
như thế, nếu anh
ghé qua và thử
món cappuccino sở trường của tôi?
Cô biết không?
Chốt kèo luôn.
Nhưng hôm nay tôi có
việc làm ơn phải tham dự, nên là...
Khoan! Anh có số nào
để tôi gọi anh không?
Tôi đấy.
Tôi phải chạy đi đây.
Vui được gặp cô!
Vui được gặp anh, Lionel...
Flack.
Khỏe không, người anh em.
Tôi tưởng 30 phút nữa
anh còn chưa đến.
Chà, trên tinh thần để
cải thiện tình hình,
Jed,
trong khoảng thời gian chúng ta
ở cùng nhau, nhiệm vụ của tôi là làm anh hạnh phúc.
Và vào bất kỳ lúc nào
anh thấy đau hay không thoải mái,
anh chỉ cần cho tôi biết.
Thế, anh cũng ăn thức ăn
bình thường hay là chỉ...
Bắp luộc.
Của các anh đây.
Muốn gọi món chưa?
Cảm ơn nhiều
nhưng anh ấy không đói.
Cho xin hóa đơn.
Đọc cái đó đi
và rồi ký và ghi ngày
ở cuối cùng.
Tôi tin anh Jed,
nhưng tôi cần sự đồng thuận hoàn toàn của anh.
"Kết thúc và hủy bỏ
khi phá vỡ hợp đồng" à?
Nếu anh đổi ý, Jed,
tôi cần bảo vệ bản thân.
Tôi muốn anh chết đi.
L'Chaim!
L'CHAIM!
Chào mừng đến kiếp sau,
người anh em.
Rồi, cùng đưa anh đoàn tụ
với cô vợ nóng bốc khói của anh nhé.
Cho xin điện thoại.
Anh có thể, ờ,
anh có phiền không?
Casa del Lie!
Bước một trong
quá trình không đau đớn.
Uống.
OK.
Giỏi lắm.
Phòng khách.
Bermuda.
Hở?
Cá của tôi, Bermuda.
Anh sống một mình à?
Ừ.
Đi qua đó có gì?
Nhà kho.
Có... Có cái đó.
Rồi. Giờ thì, ờm,
mặc cái này vào, rửa mặt đi
rồi gặp tôi ở phòng khách.
Ồ, làm một cái
amuse bouche nhé.
Anh chụp ảnh à?
Vâng ạ, thưa ngài cảnh sát.
Sở thích chính của tôi
bên cạnh công việc thường nhật.
Xem này.
Đây, khi dượng tôi bỏ đi,
mẹ tôi khuyến khích tôi
theo đuổi nhiếp ảnh.
Bà luôn nói tôi
là nghệ sĩ trong nhà.
Và tôi đoán đã thấy mình
bước đi trên con đường cũ nát
của đời sống làm mẫu, và,
Anh biết đấy, tôi có sở trường là
trường phái trừu tượng kỳ lạ và khiêu dâm.
Thế bà ấy là ai?
Mẹ tôi.
Tôi rất xin lỗi!
Không sao, ờm.
Nó sẽ ổn thôi.
Sáng ra anh có thể dọn
chỗ đó giúp tôi, Jed.
Ngồi đi.
Cẩn thận chỗ đó,
nó lỏng lắm.
Chịu khó nhé, Jed.
Bước hai.
Bước ba là gì?
Bước ba...
OK.
Anh làm gì thế?
Điều tốt nhất.
Giờ là gì đây?
Không gì cả.
Đúng rồi đấy.
Cảm giác thế nào?
Tôi chẳng cảm thấy gì cả.
Tốt.
Sẵn sàng chưa?
Anh thấy sao?
Nhẹ hơn.
Giỏi lắm.
Tự hào vì anh.
Ờ, tôi nghĩ tối nay
chỉ vậy thôi.
Tôi đuối rồi!
Hở?
Ngủ ngon, bạn nhé.
Lionel?
Này! vào đi.
Khốn kiếp!
Tôi không ăn...
sữa.
Là sữa hạnh nhân mà.
Mmm.
Xin lỗi, anh bạn.
Tôi hỏi cô một câu nhé?
Vâng.
Cô sẽ làm gì khi phát hiện
ai đó muốn bỏ đi
trước khi họ nên đi?
Tôi không biết, thật đấy.
Tôi vẫn luôn rất
tốt với nhân viên của mình.
Tôi đoán anh chỉ
gửi thông báo vi phạm thôi.
Hoặc là phá vỡ hợp đồng.
Hmm.
Sao thế, Lionel?
Hm?
À, bạn cùng phòng tôi.
Bọn tôi là bạn, mà tối qua
bọn tôi đã đi bước nữa.
Và sau đó, tôi nghĩ
chắc chắn bọn tôi thân hơn rồi.
Thì có một mức độ không
thể chối cãi của
sự hiểu biết và
niềm tin tâm linh, cô hiểu không?
Và tôi đã rất nỗ lực để
anh ta chịu giao linh hồn cho tôi, và tôi đã đáp lại.
Và sau tấ cả mọi việc,
bọn tôi lên giường.
Và sáng ra,
tôi thức dậy và phát hiện
thằng chó đó
suýt bỏ rơi tôi
ở giữa đêm khuya thanh vắng!
Cái gì cơ?
Tôi nghĩ anh nên
nói với anh ấy.
Nói với anh ta
cảm giác của anh.
Vâng.
Cô biết không?
Tôi nghĩ tôi sẽ nói.
Này, Lionel!
Đừng xấu hổ vì con người mình.
Chúng ta đều thích cái mình thích mà.
Hmm.
Ồ, này.
Tôi cho là cô không thích
bộ sưu tập đèn đấy chứ?
Ờm, không.
Lionel?
Khốn kiếp!
Giờ sao đây?
Chỉ là, ờm, kiểm tra Bermuna thôi.
Bermuda.
Ngồi đi, Jed.
Rồi. Chờ đã, chờ đã.
Đây. Bắp luộc.
Này, tôi thấy không ổn
và tôi chỉ muốn
anh biết tôi xin lỗi, được chưa?
Và tôi xin lỗi.
Tôi chỉ mong anh biết
là tôi không có ý làm anh buồn, Lionel-
- LIE.
- Tôi chỉ, tôi thấy tệ lắm!
- Jed.
Đây không phải cách, bạn à.
Đã có chuyện gì?
Thật lòng, tôi chỉ nghĩ chuyện này
có thể sẽ diễn ra...
nhanh hơn nhiều.
Giờ tôi chỉ muốn
cho xong thôi.
Ờ,
trên tinh thần để
tăng tốc.
Cứ tự nhiên,
đưa tay ra nào.
Tối đa là hai ngày. Nhé?
Anh sẵn sàng chưa?
Chưa!
Rồi.
Whoa whoa whoa,
DỪNG LẠI, DỪNG LẠI, KHỐN KIẾP!
DỪNG LẠI, DỪNG LẠI,
ĐÚNG RA ĐÂU CÓ ĐAU!
KHỐN KIẾP!
LIONEL, DỪNG LẠI!
GIỜ SAO ĐÂY HẢ?
KHỐN KIẾP!
KHỐN KIẾP, LIONEL, DỪNG LẠI!
TÔI KHÔNG DỪNG LẠI ĐƯỢC, JED!
TÔI CẦN THÁO CÁNH TAY
NÀY RA ĐỂ ĐỐT VẾT THƯƠNG!
CAD 7842. Anh Lionel Flack.
111 Alpha Quilter House.
Sierra, echo, hai, năm, một,
hotel, zulu.
Bà Mary Huggins trình báo nghe
tiếng la hét phát ra từ căn nhà.
Vâng, đã nhận
và lên đường.
ÔI, CHÚA ƠI!
KHỐN KIẾP, LIONEL, DỪNG LẠI!
UỐNG THUỐC ĐI,
THẰNG RẺ RÁCH.
CHỜ ĐÃ, JED!
Uống cái này đi.
Uống đi, anh bạn.
Đúng rồi đấy.
Thêm đi, đây này.
Ừ, anh bạn.
TÔI CẦN HOÀN THÀNH, JED!
SẮP ĐƯỢC RỒI!
KHỐN KIẾP! LÀM ƠN
NHANH MẸ LÊN!
GẦN ĐƯỢC RỒI,
THẰNG RẺ RÁCH!
LÀM ƠN!
ÔI, CHÚA ƠI!
KHỐN KIẾP! DỪNG LẠI! DỪNG LẠI!
MAU LÊN ĐI!
LÀM ƠN!
THƯA QUÝ ÔNG QUÝ BÀ
CHÚNG TA CÓ MỘT
BÉ TRAI XINH XẮN!
Con trai tôi.
Bé con của tôi!
Con sẽ là cục phân
bé nhỏ, giòn rụm.
Mmm.
Ôi, giết tao đi,
mày ngon quá.
You are what you eat, Jed.
We're top of the food chain.
And if we are what we eat,
then why would we want to be
anything less than human?
And I want that reflection.
Hello, this is the Police.
Can you open up please?
Are you Mr Lionel Flack, sir?
Come again?
Are you Lionel Flack?
Yes ma'am.
What can I do for you?
Would you mind if we
come in for a moment?
Erm.
Sure.
Come on in.
What's this all about, officers?
We are sorry to be
bothering you so late, sir,
but we've been anonymously
alerted of a cause for concern
regarding a noise complaint.
Well, look at me.
I'm fine.
No cause for concern here.
Do you live alone, Mr Flack?
Sorry?
Do you live alone?
Yes ma'am, I do.
So there's nobody else here that can
account for the reported screaming?
Screaming?
Listen...
if you're anonymous call
came from downstairs,
then I can tell you now that she
has had it in for me since day one.
Everything is fine,
and as it happens,
Everything is fine, and as it happens,
I was about to turn in for the night.
But I did watch a movie earlier
and I'm hard of hearing, see? So,
that's probably what it was.
Fair enough.
Well, if we can just keep the noise
down and we can keep the peace, yeah?
Absolutely, ma'am.
Can I use your loo?
- What's that now?
- The bathroom.
Uh
Sure.
Yeah.
Last door on the right.
So, you're American, huh?
Yessir, born and raised.
Texas?
I travelled around a lot.
I thought you said
you were going to bed?
I am
and this is my home...
and I can clean up whenever I see
fit, thank you Mr kind officer, sir.
What is it?
That is a
mild veal,
with a raspberry coulis,
straight from the Captain's
quarters of the Cutty Sark.
Fuck me, come on, Sarge.
This is the best veal
I have ever tasted.
No, honestly, you
have to try it.
You have to.
This is not veal.
This is Michelin Star veal.
What do you do, Mr
Flake, are you a chef?
It's 'Flack'.
And I own a boating company.
You're in the wrong
profession, mate.
Duly noted.
Thank you for your time, love.
Apologies for the... Well,
disturbing your evening and...
Yep.
That's really good.
Let me get that for you.
All the best, mate.
You take care, now.
Aww, you too Mr Flack-
What happened to your arm?
You.
Lie?
Lionels?
You OK?
Could be better.
Forgive me Jed, but-
I look at somebody like you,
and you did it all, man.
You met a girl, you fell in
love, you got married, man.
You went the whole nine yards.
What's your fucking secret, man?
I guess the secret is
to have no secrets.
Goddamn it.
Yeah, you have a pretty
big fucking secret, Lionel.
I know, yeah.
I mean, there's nothing more
beautiful than a man's
relationship with his food.
I mean, in moderation.
Well, how about love?
You know, trusting and
loving oneself enough
to not even think twice about what
the other person feels about you.
You know, 'radiating happiness'.
Right?
Touché, Jed.
Touché.
So, is there a Mrs
Flack in the running?
I barely introduced myself
to the last one.
She lost her head
and went cold on me.
Go and get your camera for me.
Huh?
I'm gonna find you a girl.
Or a guy-
- A girl.
Well, go and get it then.
Whoa whoa whoa, what are you doing?
What?
Unless you want a dick pic
as your profile picture,
I suggest you go and get
your best get-up on.
Well, what is that?
Well, how the fuck am I-
Just be yourself.
You can do better
than that, mate.
Come on. No. No. No. No.
Find something else.
What the fuck is that?
- No?
- Oh, for the love of God.
OK, look.
Go into my duffle
bag, the grey one.
In there, you'll find
a blue polo neck.
Put that on.
Tell you what, lose
the glasses for me.
Eh, good enough.
Let's get one of you and me.
Tomorrow's a big day, brother.
I need you to get some sleep
and be clear headed, OK?
I'm on it.
Attaboy.
Rise and shine city slicker!
Meet me in the living room
in five minutes.
We're going out.
Flack!
You forgot your fish tin.
Who is this?
It's Alex.
Oh!
So, erm, did you tell him?
Did I tell who what?
Your boyfriend. Did you tell
him how you feel about him?
Alex, I'm not gay.
You're not?
No, I... I think you
misunderstood me.
In fact, I think we both
misunderstood each other,
if I'm honest.
I'm so confused right now.
Can I take you out
for dinner tonight?
What? Like a-
-like a date?
Yeah, Lionel. Like a date.
Huh.
Well, I'll be damned.
Yeah! Hows about 6pm tonight
at Geeman's Lair?
That sounds perfect.
See you tonight?
Lionel?
Yeah. Erm. Six.
Six you tonight!
Love you.
Where are we going?
Get in the chair.
So, how far is it?
Now, with your whistles,
I need you all to show me
what to do in the
event of an emergency.
Excellent!
Now, let's hit the water.
You guys, single file onto the
boat, and Jed, you're with me.
Hey! Come here, now.
What?
Well, look at them.
You know, they've been dealt
the worst hand in the world,
yet their just happy.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
I want that.
I guess you don't know what you
have until it's actually gone.
Jed
you've got me.
Yeah, great.
BOYS AND GIRLS, LISTEN UP!
Fuck. Lionel, what the fuck?
There comes a time
in every man's life
where he unexpectedly finds
himself in a hole.
Of course, the man usually has
a good woman
or a FRIEND...
to pull himself out of the hole
before it fills up with horse
shit and he's left to die.
He's alone.
Abandoned.
Ain't nobody but
himself to save himself.
SURVIVAL ONE 'O' FUCKING ONE!
- Lionel, what the fuck?
- WHOO!
You're gonna kill them!
Oh, they know what to do.
They're frightened!
You're just gonna let them
drown, we have to save them!
THEY KNOW WHAT TO FUCKING DO!
LIONEL!
Is this everything you thought
it would be?
Wake up.
Get ready.
Get up.
That was cruel.
What's that now?
I SAID YOU WERE FUCKING CRUEL.
Oh, I was never
gonna kill them, Jed.
I saw you.
I watched you while I was down there.
You just stood there and watched.
You left me there to die and
you loved every second of it.
That's what you wanted
though, right? Is it not?
To die? YOU CAME
HERE TO DIE, JED.
No. I am done, Lionel.
I'm out.
I'm going home.
You are bound by a contract.
FUCK YOUR CONTRACT!
I see you now.
And what do you see?
A sad, scared, lonely little boy
who just wants
his fucking mommy.
You're nothing more
than a predator,
consuming everything
that you wish you could be.
And underneath that...
A child
starved of love.
You feed off the weak, Lionel.
You are a coward.
Say that again.
I dare you.
You... are...
a FUCKING COWARD.
FUCK!
Now,
some cultures believe
that torturing the animal alive
improves the taste
and the quality of the meat.
That's why today, I'm gonna
give you something new.
Although you won't be
able to move an inch,
the anesthetic properties
are not so great.
YOU ARE GONNA FEEL EVERY
LAST FUCKING BIT OF THIS!
You need some time to cool off and
think about your goddamn actions.
It's shit.
FUCK YOU!
YOU PIECE OF SHIT.
YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT
Hey you.
I just wanted to say that I'm really
looking forward to dinner and erm,
yeah I love that place.
I'm really sorry
that I got the wrong-
-end of the stick the other day.
I'm such an idiot sometimes.
Actually, all the time, but yeah,
you'll find that out on your own.
Anyway, yeah.
I'll see you tonight at six.
Yeah, really looking
forward to it.
I already said that, but OK.
Yeah, bye. See you.
FUCK YOU.
It's cold on there.
Are you ready to order, love?
I'm still waiting for my-
- Oh I'm so sorry I'm late.
So sorry.
No worries, I'll give
you guys a moment.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Hi
- Hi
I told him, I said, look buddy, I've
known you for like forever, and-
- I put you up, and I've given
you the clothes off my back, and-
- Hell, I've practically been
to hell and back with you.
And I just said "just
talk to me, man".
And what did he say?
He didn't.
They found him by her
grave stone the next day.
Oh my God, Lionel I'm so sorry.
That must've been
really hard for you.
How about we finish up here
and head to my
place for dessert?
Well, if you are.
Tastes so much
better, doesn't it?
Mmm, I know it does.
So, erm. Now that manners
are out the window...
Are you into anything weird?
Like what?
Erm.
Sexual or-
- Oh, no. No, not neccesarily.
As an example,
When I go to the supermarket,
I get this urge to take
things off the shelve
and put them in other
people's baskets.
I find it really hilarious.
That kind of stuff.
OK, OK. So I, erm.
Hmm
I like to peel soap.
Oh, that's a really good one.
I like skin.
Crispy chicken skin?
I know what you mean.
I absolutely love chicken skin.
Anyone that doesn't like
crispy chicken skin is a weirdo.
No.
I like your skin.
I wanna eat your skin.
Erm. I mean. It's
just that I. Erm.
I think you have beautiful skin.
Will you just excuse
me for one minute?
Is this it?
Only if you want it to be.
Is this what you want?
No.
You don't belong here.
We don't belong here, Jed.
What am I supposed to do?
I don't stand a chance,
he's taken everything from me.
Not everything.
I love you.
I know.
I love you too.
Who is it?
Police. Can we have
a word please, buddy?
Mr Flack?
Hold on!
Is everything OK
in there, Mr Flack?
Hold on.
Could you open up, please?
Mr Flack?
Apologies for disturbing you, we
just have a couple of questions.
Flack...
Could you open up, please?
What can I do for
you two, officers?
Mary Huggins,
aka downstairs?
What about her?
Reported missing.
Do you mind if we come in
and take a look around, sir?
Be my guest.
Ah, man of many talents, are we?
What's this then?
Oh, that?
That is...
That is, erm...
My rendition of
cubic
abstract
eroticism.
Very good.
What happened to your head?
I shaved it.
I got into a bit of a drunken stupor
with the work colleagues last night,
and you know,
hence all the mess.
Boys will be boys, hey Officer?
What we got cooking then, bud?
Another Michelin special, is it?
Any available units
please make your way
to Geemans Lair Restaurant,
Male suspect wanted in
connection with the murder-
- of a young women in
the ladies toilets.
Yep, received. 78. Assign us.
Shown you assigned.
It's CAD 8127.
Now, you give us a call if you
hear anything, Mr Flack. OK?
Of course.
It's gonna be OK, mate.
We'll find somewhere
new, a new flat.
Somewhere hot and wet.
Eye witness reported the suspect
turn into Nielsen Street,
on foot, whereby a blonde wig
and tweed suit jacket-
-were recovered.
Officers on the scene are scanning
the CCTV of the restaurant-
- to get a better idea
of the suspect's whereabouts.
The suspect is believed
to be American.
This is CAD 8032,
requesting backup
to flat 111a Quilter House.
Mr Flack?
Apologies, we just have
another couple of questions-
-if you wouldn't mind?
What is it?
Didn't you have an
American accent?
What's that now?
Where were you
between 6 and 7 this evening?
CAD 8127. Suspect last seen boarding
the Northern Line at Camden Town.
Received.
Please! Hello?
Help!
Hello! This is the
Police. Who is that?
Yes! Yes! Please.
My name is Jed Freeman.
I've been taken prisoner
and he won't let me go.
Please, he's gonna kill me,
please help me!
Don't worry, sir. The
situation is now under control.
You are no longer at risk.
Now, for both mine
and your personal safety,
I need to firstly ask
if there is anybody else-
-in the room with you?
No! No!
Well, yes. But they're
all dead, Officer!
I'm sorry to hear that, Jed.
We'll get you out
in just a second.
Now, am I going to
find anything on you-
- that would be considered
a dangerous weapon?
No! Fuck sake!
No, I'm tied up
and he's cut off my limbs!
Please help me,
I am dying here!
Remain calm, Jed.
I'm coming in.
It's locked, Jed.
Do you know where
I might find a key?
Check him!
Maybe it's in his
pocket. Please!
Hello?
'Ello Guv'nor.
No, no, no, please!
Lionel, I beg you, please!
You don't have to
do this! No, no, no!
Oh, God.
Come on, you don't have
to do this, Lionel.
Come on.
CAD 8032.
Backup dispatched.
Can you give us an update?
They're coming for you.
You've murdered two
of their Officers, come on!
They're coming for you,
you're done now, please!
It's not gonna help you, man.
Thank you, Jed.
Fuck!
This is the Police! Open up!
Oh my God, oh my God,
thank God you're here.
Try to remain calm, Sir.
Tell me what happened.
He fucking kidnapped me, man!
He's a lying,
manipulative snake!
Slow down, come on, now.
It's OK.
Just tell me what happened.
It's going to be OK.
He kept me against my will.
He's killed others,
he's got them in the back room,
I can show you.
That's OK, son. You never
have to go in that room again.
Just tell me where
the man is that did this to you.
HE'S OVER THERE!
Poor, lost soul shot himself
right after he shot me.
FUCK!
Lionel?
Lionel!
It's not gonna work.
Look at me.
Is it hard to see the world
from inside the bowl?
To be honest,
I don't know
what side of the glass I'm on.
You think you're
talking to Bermuda?
Bermuda's dead, Lionel.
I didn't wanna see you hurt,
so I got you a new one.
Hey
can we...
Can we just...
Can we just-
-sit and eat?
Please.
Jed.
I am so,
so sorry-
- L'CHAIM!
Come on.
Fuck.
You can let me go, now.